[Applause]
Hello. So, we are in Miami. We're
interviewing a hot shot lawyer today. He
represents Elon, Jay-Z, Megan Leis,
Salion, Alec Baldwin, and he's sort of
part lawyer, part deal maker, part
fixer. And this is a guy who asks tough
questions for a living. So, he
interrogates other people. And I'm going
to interrogate him. So hopefully he can
take it. The only thing I'm going to say
is uh the jury got this right. What you
think of Alex Spyro probably depends on
what you think of his clients. Some of
whom are, let's just say, polarizing.
What does Elon Musk demand in a lawyer?
What he gets with me is what everybody
gets with me, which is I fight the right
way, but I fight hard. With a background
in psychology and an instinct for
shaping public perception, Spyro has
made a name for himself defending the
rich and powerful. He claims to have
never lost a case. And that track record
has carried him into the highest circles
of American wealth and influence. All
right, guys. Hi. And many see him as
capable of delivering more than the
typical lawyer can. So many lawyers we
see are just lawyers. That's who they've
been from day one, you know, and he
doesn't come from that mold. This
overstates it, but like the movie
Michael Clayton, right? Like he's partly
in this rarified corporate world, but
he's also a gangster. I don't think
Spyro is doing anything, you know,
criminal, but he is doing things that a
lot of other lawyers wouldn't do. I
wanted to know more about his goals and
motivations, the secrets to his success
in the courtroom, and what his next move
might be. Alex Spyro, please take the
stand.
What are the top three moves in the Alex
Spyro playbook?
Well, nobody can know that. But I mean,
the number one rule is that no one
should ever know what I'm thinking. The
second thing is I am intentionally
painting a picture as I go forward that
does not reveal everything at the start.
So, if I give an opening statement, I'm
never going to say what ultimately the
end of the movie is going to be. That
wouldn't make for a very exciting movie.
Um, and three, I I'm going to go away
from whatever I think the traditional
playbook is. Your first job out of law
school was at the Manhattan DA's office,
and you cracked a couple of cold murder
cases that had been unsolved for years.
My understanding is that you were also
like knocking on doors saying, "Give me
the cases you don't want." That's that's
true. And it's not a um it's not a
metaphor either. I literally would go
office to office and say, "I've got
nothing to try this week. Does anybody
have a case they don't want to try?" And
I used to try them all. Why?
Competitiveness probably. Uh desire to
get better. And I love being in a
courtroom. It's a good feeling to win a
case, to solve a case. That being said,
you know, I often felt bad. I felt bad
with people sitting in prison. I mean,
not so much the worst of the worst, but
most of the arguments I had with my
supervisors at the time were about
leniency and psychological intervention
and second chances.
Spyro left the DA's office in 2013 and
entered private practice as a defense
lawyer. First at Braphman and
Associates, whose founder, Benjamin
Brafman, is known for his famous, some
might say infamous, clientele.
Spyro started building an impressive
roster of clients, many of them
athletes, entertainers, and other VIPs.
That roster later helped Spyro make
partner at the powerful Quinn Emanuel.
I'd love to hear how you describe some
of your top clients in one word. Elon
Musk,
I didn't think this would be the
toughest question of the day, but in one
word, you're speechless. I don't know
that I'm speechless. I'm thinking it's
important to get answers to questions
right.
Groundbreaking,
Megan the Stallion, Fearless, Jay-Z,
Genius, Mr. Beast
dynamic Alec Baldwin hysterical. Why do
you think people trust you? Like what do
you offer them? I think that people know
that I'll give them what I think is the
correct judgment whether it's unpopular
or not. So if they come to me and they
say we want to go down road number one
and I say it's a bad idea, they know
I'll say it's a bad idea. They know I
won't just tell them what they want to
hear.
Okay, before we go any further, let's
bring in a couple of expert witnesses to
give more context on Spyro's methods.
Bloomberg's Chris Dolm and Max Chaffkin
have spent years reporting on Spyro's
eventful career.
How would you describe Alex Spyro? He
believes in himself or at least he talks
like he believes in himself and you know
to people who are you know big strong
personalities that's really important.
Isn't it unusual for a lawyer to have
this kind of star power? Well, I mean,
there have always been these kind of
like TV lawyers, lawyers who understand
that like part of being in the job is
representing their client to the public
in addition to representing their client
in court. Spyro gets and and and
understands that Elon Musk doesn't just
want to sell himself to a jury or or to
to comply with the law or find a way to
do what he wants to do from a legal or
regulatory perspective. like he wants to
make that case publicly and he wants to
adopt these like very strong boundary
pushing positions and defend them, stake
them out and then accept the
consequences if he has to.
Spyro first met Musk back in 2018. Musk
was in hot water over his infamous pedto
guy tweet referring to a cave diver
involved in rescuing a group of teens in
Thailand. The diver sued for defamation
and Musk's chances in court didn't look
good until Spyro came on board. Spyro's
argument to the jury, the tweet just
wasn't a big deal. The only thing I'm
going to say is uh the jury got this
right. Um and and we don't have any
further comment at this time. In the
end, what he really convinced them of is
that he was just joking. It was just a
joke. And I think, you know, in a lot of
ways that case shows how, you know, the
modern social media environment kind of
just opens it up to this, you know,
cavalier talk that in past might have
led to a defamation victory. And that's
one of his core tenants of his practice
is to say just because you went on
Twitter and you said something doesn't
mean that you're the worst person in the
history of the world.
It is now said by this jury that
insults, however grave, however
unpleasant, are completely open season
on uh social media. Somebody's going to
say that some minor violation of law
like some you know an upgrade or a you
know somebody sends a tweet out or you
know violated some horrific law. They
have to ask themselves what was in that
person's mind at the time. Were they
saying to themselves, "I'm about to
cross some bright line that subjects
myself to prison." Were they really
thinking that way?
I think Spyro's argument was like pretty
savvy. And it was it was based on an
understanding of what Elon Musk does
because like there's no law against
being an is the thing. And I think one
thing that's interesting about that
case, not just from a kind of like how
did he win perspective, but from a sort
of business and power perspective is I
think that is what unleashes, you know,
Elon Musk in in a big way. It's it's
what it's what gives Elon permission,
not just legal permission, but maybe
cultural permission to sort of go wild
on Twitter, which ultimately led to his
acquisition of Twitter, to his embrace
of these kind of extreme political
positions.
the Twitter takeover. That one got real
messy. You were in the trenches. What
worked? What didn't work? Well, his
decision to acquire the company
obviously worked. He is glad he bought
it. And Elon is very much experimenting
as he goes and that's part of his
genius. And so it may at moments look,
as you put it, messy, but this is what
the great experimenters have always
done. What about the method? Like, you
know, there was this report that you
guys were yelling at each other in a
conference room. How does someone like
that respond to push back? Everybody
advise is used to my push back. I I
don't know how they take it. They
probably curse me out at times, but I
think ultimately when the movie's over,
people will be thankful that I told them
the truth. Elon tweeted, "If any judge
anywhere can block every presidential
order everywhere, we do not have
democracy. We have tyranny of the
judiciary." This is a direct challenge
to the legitimacy of the courts. Like,
how does that stand in your eyes as a
lawyer? I I don't It would take a lot of
time to go through every tweet. But this
one particularly has to do with the law.
I'm not so sure it has to do with me. I
have my own views on the system being
broken. They're not going to be the same
as his views and other views. Um, but I
respect the system. I'm just trying to
change it in my own way.
All right. Time for the court to take a
brief recess. Cross-examination will
continue after some fresh air.
Alex's thing is pick up basketball. It's
what he does all the time. I think half
the time he's injured from basketball,
but luckily we caught him on a healthy
day. And I just want to see him break
out of his shell, like break out of the
lawyer caricature and get a little sense
of who he really is.
Spyro's opponent. You going to come to
the house with all these cameras over
here like you're going to do something?
This is crazy. Two-time NBA All-Star Joe
Keem Noah, a former client. You look
really serious about this game. I don't
know how we're going to play on a hoop
who's 8 feet tall. It's from It's from
my kids. Oh, got it. Got it. Who you
want? You want professional? I thought
we were going to play on a real hoop. I
thought you were setting it up so I
could dunk a few times before this got
going. Like, you shouldn't have told
anybody. You would have been shining.
They can cut that part. Yeah. Are you
sure? You forcing me left? I'll force
you left to start.
How many steps is that?
Big shot. Turns out Spyro's competitive
streak in court is just as intense on
the court. They're getting really into
it. There's a lot of yelling.
No way. That's my ball.
Oh, that hurt my soul. Did you let him
win? No.
I wish I I'm trying to figure out how to
evaluate you both because this hoop look
like looks like it's 8 ft high. It was
definitely worked in his advantage.
Uhhuh. I don't think it worked in my
advantage. I think it worked at his
advantage. How How do you guys How did
you guys meet? I had just signed a big
deal with the Knicks and some girl was
saying that she had a baby with me and
somebody from the hospital got on the
phone and said that the baby looked just
like me. I was just thinking like what
did I do wrong? like, did I do something
that shouldn't be done? So, I was like,
"Okay, something's fishy." And Alex got
on a call from me and I never heard from
this person ever again. Wow. What'd you
say, Alex? Tell the truth. Don't make
stories up. Exactly. And I always felt
very protected with Alex and just our
relationship grew off just meeting each
other and him helping me out with a
situation like that. And then he has the
audacity to come to my house and and
beat me in oneonone.
[Music]
I read you charge $3,000 an hour. You're
losing money as we speak. Always losing
money. Um yeah, I I don't talk about my
my hourly rate, but um you know, if I
need more free time, it's getting
higher. All right. You're a lawyer.
You're a sworn officer of the court. How
do you tow the line when it comes to
pushing the boundaries on legal
theories? I don't ever argue something
or say something in court that I don't
believe to be true and supported by the
facts and the law. But I'm also not
afraid to make a creative argument or
tell the truth when it's otherwise
unpopular. You also represent Mayor Eric
Adams. Was that creative? I think
everything that I do has a touch of
creativity. I'm not just following some
playbook. I think the fact that they
tried to run him out of town and take
him down for this stupid case. I think
my ability to stand my ground and stand
my ground for him is forceful whether
creative or not. How you doing, mayor?
In the fall of 2024, the New York mayor
was indicted by a grand jury for fraud
and bribery, part of a sprawling federal
corruption probe. My day-to-day will not
change. Adams claimed it was political
payback for his criticism of the Biden
administration on immigration.
Spyro, for his part, argued that his
client had merely accepted some trivial
travel perks. This case isn't even a
real case. This is the airline upgrade
corruption case. Ultimately, it never
went to trial. Trump's Department of
Justice asked the judge to dismiss the
case, which he did. There was a public
outcry in response to the result there,
mass resignations, people who say
they've lost faith in the justice
system. What's your response to the
response? Well, when you say mass
resignations, this the little lawyers
resigned. Yeah. the the lawyers
resigned. Yes. And I don't begrudge them
their resignations. I also don't take
much from it. I was going to win at
trial that case. And I think once there
were adults in the room who pointed that
out, it's going to be easier to get
people to settle, pardon, dismiss, and
do other things. When you realize, wait
a second, are you even going to win this
case? When I say somebody should not
have been prosecuted, I mean it, and I
hope people take it seriously.
the Eric Adams case. What did that tell
you about how Spyro operates? He does
think he can win that case before a
jury, especially just in the reasonable
doubt realm. You know, he works for the
client. He wants to defend his client
and I think that's why he went into
criminal defense. I think that's why he
left prosecution. There are a lot of
cases where he felt, you know, maybe we
should we could be a little less
aggressive in these things. Maybe there
should be a second chance. Not everybody
does something out of, you know, pure
criminal intent. He doesn't need to
prove that Eric Adams is the greatest
person in the history of the world or is
a really good guy. He just needs to
prove that he didn't really intend to
commit a crime.
You started your career in the criminal
justice system when you're not
representing high-profile clients and
you're on the board of the Reform
Alliance. You you lecture at
universities. You take on wrongful
convictions. What's what's broken about
the system? Pretty much everything. The
system is backwards, racist, draconian.
Um, I can't say enough bad about it. I'm
hoping it changes and is changing over
time and I'm hoping that some of these
cases move things forward like bail
reform and that's my little way of doing
what I would like to do even more of.
So, what needs to be done to fix it? I
mean, I realize that's a big question,
but what needs to be fixed? First of
all, the question is, well, what's
what's broken? I mean, putting people in
jail on bail because they don't have the
economic means to afford bail is not a
just system. We incarcerate a higher
percentage of the population than any
other country on earth. We incarcerate
black and brown people in this country
at six, seven times the rate as people
that are that are white or or or not
black and brown. the system has
hopefully become at least slightly more
fair um to different people of different
means and different um races but but
only marginally so. And so, you know,
we've got to equal out resources. We've
got to keep our eyes open to these real
issues and we've got to keep fighting in
terms of the Spyro's legal career has
been running on rocket fuel, but he
seems to be setting the stage for his
next act in the world of business.
How big is the business of Alex Spyro? I
don't think as big as it's going to be
in a year. I aim to do things outside of
the law and I will that I think will be
a bigger business than my legal
business. Spyro wouldn't share any
details about his business ventures, but
he did invite us to meet a certain very
very very famous athlete who he's
partnering with. Where are we? What is
this place? We're just, you know, we
This is where our office is. This is
your office? Oh, your your joint office?
It's his office, but I use it sometimes.
It's like it's a little barren. What's
up, buddy? How are you? How's it going?
Do you own a colored shirt? I do own a
colored shirt. All right, guys. Thanks
so much. Hi, Emily. Nice to see you,
too. Thanks for having us. Nice to meet
you. Nice to meet you. You guys want to
tell them what happened when Joe Keem
paid me oneonone today? Joe Kim know and
I played oneonone today. Oh, really?
Yes. And you didn't win. Okay. Okay. You
won fair. Now we have bum knees, guy.
Yeah. I always imagine that when you go
against NBA guys, like could I score
really score points if they tried? Like
could I if I play LeBron at 21, could I
get three points, right? I think I
could. You can't if he stays on you, if
he stays right, but if they give you any
space, you could you can if you get
lucky and make a shot. You get lucky and
make a shot. After a couple more minutes
of sports talk, we were kicked out. All
right, all thanks so much. Thanks for
the time. Cheers. Thank you guys. Uh,
that was pretty cool. Just Tom Brady. I
kept asking Alex what this place is.
What do you do here? Stuff.
Okay.
Well, that was interesting.
Spyro and Brady's business venture is
still a bit of a mystery. One thing's
for sure, it's time for a drink. So, is
this one of your favorite spots?
Yeah, sure.
Many favorite spots. This is one of
them. What What's your What's Miami
living like really for you? You know,
it's it's relaxing. is my oasis from the
the war. The war? This is peace. This is
peace.
All right.
When we met for the first time, you told
me you were in war mode. What is war
mode? For better or worse, if I'm very
focused on trying to solve a problem,
it's hard for me to do other things at
that time. Um, social things, you know,
human interactions. So, if I'm in war
mode, it means sort of everybody get
away from me and let me think. I know
you're friends with Francis Suarez,
Mayor Suarez. Do you have any fun
projects going together? What I'm trying
to do is bring the boring tunnel here
and to fix traffic in Miami. And if we
do that, I've noticed the traffic. Yeah,
if I do that, that'll be great because
then you can go to your favorite hot
spot, not have to worry about rush hour.
So, is Elon helping out with that? Well,
he, you know, he's a he's a man of a lot
of ideas and means, and so, you know, I
think he is going to help and and that's
going to make Miami a better place.
You've been described as Elon's
consiguary. How do you feel about that
characterization? I don't bother myself
much with adverbs and characterizations
that people say in the media. It's not
productive. I have no control over it.
And it's usually a way to get more
attention on it, whether accurate or
not. Mhm. accurate or not. I I hope that
my advice is followed very much. What's
the biggest misconception about you? I
don't know. You'd have to tell me what
the mis what what the conceptions are.
Well, I don't know if the it's the
biggest misconception, but I think some
people think you just represent bad guys
or rich guys.
Well, I I don't you know I don't know
what bad guys mean. You know, people are
more than the worst thing they've ever
done. Obviously, because I represent
major corporations and people that are
wealthy, I don't know what to say other
than that is true. There is a tilt
towards people that can afford the way
in which I go about practicing law. But
what I would say back and where I start
at the beginning is that my ability to
take on those cases and fight the way
that I do changes the system for
everybody. What's your relationship with
President Trump? My relationship with
the president and with other world
leaders is amicable and I take on
certain issues. I don't take on every
issue, but if somebody wants to run an
issue by me, they can. We're living in
such a charged time politically,
socially, emotionally. How do you think
we're going to look back on this moment
in time?
I think we're going to be embarrassed at
the fact that politics and these very
strong,
you know, ideas and opinions are not
being debated anymore, but they're
they're just
involved in this violent pingpong game
where we're doing things we shouldn't be
doing. And I think we're going to look
back and and regret a lot of this, which
is why um I've taken some of the recent
stance that I have. I don't want anybody
taking vengeance on anybody. I want
everybody to just, you know, starting
tomorrow, let's go cold turkey. And if
somebody who's a world leader or a
political candidate violates a a very
large standard deviation beyond the law,
have at it. But if not, the the the
problem is that everyone's going to lose
trust in the system and it's going to
hurt everybody. I feel like people
already have lost trust in the system.
Well, the the point of these cases is
to from my perspective, what I am trying
to accomplish is to bring that trust
back. The political sphere is so mired
in this nonsense that I am still hopeful
that we all just decide to stop. We
won't attack political enemies in either
direction and everybody moves forward.
[Music]
We were talking earlier about what are
the parallels between basketball and
lawyering. Only you can answer that. Got
to have grit, man. Like you did when you
play. Got to have grit. I realize you do
have something in common cuz you're both
good defenders.
He's not that good of a defender.
[Music]